>> Erik Reinert: Okay, so now what we're
gonna do is we're gonna save this up and
once again we're gonna do Terraform Init.
We'll do Terraform Plan.
Now the last two that we did.
Cluster and Service, were not modules.
I used individual resources for
each one of those inside of that module.
So, you know, if I'm honest,
like I can do that because I've written
a lot of Terraform and I've worked.
On a lot of Amazon resources.
But again, I'm just gonna
push this home one more time.
If you wanna be productive.
And you don't feel confident in doing
a lot of the stuff or defining the things
a lot of the ways that I just did, if you
can find a module that can do it for you,
like, you know, you could still get
the benefit of doing those things.
It's just, just you might have to
find some open source project or
something that can help you do it.
And again, I even do that with.
VPCs and Kubernetes and
all the other stuff.
So, it's just after doing it for so long,
I hate having to slog
through all those resources.
To be honest, it is annoying because
you go to other cloud providers,
the resources really aren't as bad.
It's partially Amazon.
Amazon is so granular that you feel
that weight after a while you're,
my God, dude, it's an attachment as well.
Come on.
Why isn't it just attach itself?
It's incredibly frustrating.
But all cloud providers
are different as well.
You go to gcp, you'll have a bit of
a different experience than you would with
Amazon and you might like or
hate that more or less.
Okay, cool.
So we did our plan.
Let's do our apply.
That happened way faster
than I expected it to.
Staging service.
Okay, that's right.
Yeah.
So one thing that we changed convention
wise was we changed the placement of
where resources are because now we can.
Localize them to environments and
clusters and stuff like that.
So, we're not just saying FEM.
Now what I can do is I can
actually add some organization so
I can do like staging.
Then look at that.
Now I get everything that's in staging
in a nice format that I can read.
You can see here my bastion private key,
my cluster private key, database password,
all that stuff up here.
Then you'll see down here I've got my
service bastion, cluster and database for.
All of the resources.
Then you can see down here all.
My service level stuff.
So Client id client secret goose
database string, postgres, URL.
It's nice.
Now you have a much larger
scale on the whole environment.
And then if I wanted to see prod,
I would just do prod and cool.
Now I can see all prod stuff and
go through that as well.
So that's another reason why I like
parameter stores is that you can filter
and jump around like that and
you could do that in Secrets Manager.
But It's just not as proficient.
Really quickly, let's go ahead and
just go to ECS and let's just see.
What'S going on with the service.
It got deployed pretty quickly,
so let's go ahead and go here and
see what's going on.
Hey, we got a service.
Awesome staging services there.
We also see zero out of one tasks running.
Well, we knew it might not be working,
so let's see what's going on here.
But we're gonna click on
the actual service itself and
we'll see one failed tag.
Okay, so again, we kind of knew
that was gonna be happening.
But we're seeing configuration here.
We're seeing task definition,
we're seeing a lot of stuff.
So we got a good sign that.
We at least provisioned some stuff.
Right, so we're seeing in here, we're
seeing stopped task, failed to start.
And then we're kind of seeing
containers start over and over.
So one thing to note about ECS
is it will be in a perpetual.
Loop for as long as you let it be.
It will eventually kind of back off for
5 minutes or 10 minutes or
something like that.
Then it'll try doing it again.
It does have eventual fail off, but
it will eventually kick back
in if I just leave this here.
We should start seeing more and more.
Containers just keep trying to go and go.
That's why I said it's okay in
my mind to let a container fail.
It's not that big a deal.
It's just starting something and
stopping it on the host.
But you don't want this going for months.
Let's go ahead and
go to logs really quickly.
We're not seeing anything in logs,
so that's interesting.
So, I'm gonna do some quick
troubleshooting mainly because I did
clean up my environment.
So I'm curious to see if
maybe I deleted something.
So, what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna go to the container itself.
There we go.
And sure enough, look at this manifest
Unknown REQUESTED IMAGE NOT FOUND So
it's trying to pull
FEM FD service staging.
Interesting.
We talked about environments and
promoting and all that stuff.
Once we created an environment for
staging, we no longer needed latest.
We don't want to use latest.
We want to make sure
that staging gets this.
So what I need to do now is I need to
quickly make sure that I create a build
for staging.
So, what I'm gonna do really fast is I'm
just gonna do my docker login, right, and
I'm just gonna quickly build an image for
staging.
So we'll do make build image because
remember, we always build the SHA first.
That's my mistake.
We always build the SHA first and
then we promote it to the environment
that we're trying to promote to.
So in this case,
instead of promoting it to latest,
we're going to promote it to staging.
So while this is running, there is
another thing we need to do though.
So I want to go back to.
System Manager or SSM really quickly and.
I want to fill in the parameters
that are currently set as example.
So remember, by default when we create
a secret from scratch, we just get.
A secret that says example.
So if I go to service Goose DB string,
I shouldn't be worried about clicking
that because it says example.
So, what we need to do is this
is kind of the manual part.
We need to go get the values from
our either previous environments or
from our new database or whatever and
populate those values
really quickly off screen.
I did actually delete my Google
client key and client id.
So, I'm gonna quickly generate that and
then I'm gonna fill in these values.
This is what happens when
you start building stuff.
You can do two things at once.
While I'm doing that,
I'm also gonna do make build tag,
build image promote, right?
And this will make sure that
this gets pushed off to staging.
Now that I've built that image and
pushed it, I should be able to go to.
I'm going to open up ECR or
ECS in another tab staging tasks and.
We should at least be able to see
it have started, even though it.
Might not have actually been successful.
Now what's interesting is, is you'll see
that it's red before and now it's yellow.
So maybe something else has gone on.
So, let's go ahead and click on that Task,
essential container in Task exited.
Okay, so it actually ran and
we got a task.
Now again,
remember we're doing this to kind of
show you how to debug in this scenario.
Okay, so it actually failed, but it did
run So I wonder if I can look at logs.
Okay, cool.
Sure enough.
Awesome, I'm actually seeing logs now,
right, and I could see.
Okay, I'm example in connection info.
Okay, that makes sense.
I didn't potentially set up
the connection info properly.
So that means again,
I need to set up the values in
Systems Manager for what I'm doing.
What I'm going to do is, like I said,
I'm going to grab the client id.
Let me just copy this link,
paste and then copy this link.
Let me just do these off
screen really quickly.
Sorry, but this is essentially
what you'll need to do as well.
When you run the automation,
you'll need to make sure that you
update these values,
otherwise it will also be in a dead loop.
Now, I'm not going to actually
use the Supabase URL.
To be clear,
I'm not gonna use the Supabase URL.
What I wanna use is,
I wanna use my RDS URL, right?
Because we have a completely
new instance now.
So what I wanna do is I.
Wanna go to Aurora and Amazon, I wanna go
to DB instances, I wanna click on staging,
and I wanna grab this endpoint and
I wanna replace that endpoint and
let me get this and
at least replace the password.
So it's like password, there we go.
What I wanna do is if we open,
I open it up in an editor and
kind of like break it down.
What I want to do is I want to
replace this, which is my username,
I want to replace this,
which is my password, right?
And then what I want to do as
well is I want to replace this,
which is my host name, right?
So this is really how this postgres.
Connection URL breaks down.
And so, to get this completely populated,
what I first need to do is,
is grab this and paste in the host name.
So we'll do that.
There we go.
I got my host name, now I need my user.
So then what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna go to configuration,
I'm gonna scroll down and we'll see that
the master username is staging, right,
because it's a staging environment.
So then what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go
to username and I'm gonna type in staging.
Now the last thing I'm going to.
Do is I'm going to get my password.
But remember, my password isn't here, my.
Password is in ssm.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm go to ssm,
I'm gonna go to Parameter store.
I'm gonna go to staging.
And then there's my database
password right here.
I'm gonna grab this value.
I'm not gonna show it, so I'm gonna
show that value to myself off screen.
Then I'm gonna paste that into the last
part of the connection string,
which is the password right here.
I'm going to grab this, copy this.
Go over here.
Paste this in, and.
This goes into both the goose DB string or
the goose DB string as
well as the postgres URL.
So, you wanna update
the same value in both.
But then what I'm going to do is
I'm going to open up ECS again.
Oops, I did not.
Well, whatever.
So, we're gonna go to staging.
Staging service.
We see some failed.
So let's see.
Let's see what's going on.
So, before it was kind of restarting
every few seconds and whatever, but
now you can kind of tell.
It's kind of been like, bro, I've been
trying for the last five minutes and
nothing's happened.
So, we're gonna wait.
If you get caught in a scenario
where it's effectively like,
I'm not gonna do anything, you can
do what's called force a deployment.
And this is also what you would.
Do if you made a configuration change and
you wanted it to actually
roll that change out.
Up in the top right hand corner.
Here, you'll see
the Update service button.
You just click this dropdown and then.
You just click Force new deployment.
And then once you click that to.
Make sure that it did in fact.
Do that, you can go to the deployments
tab, you can scroll down just a little
bit, and then you'll see that there
is a service deployment in progress.
If I refresh this, you'll see that
the previous one then gets stopped and
a new one gets created, hopefully.
Now if we go to tasks.
My gosh and then refresh.
There you go.
Now we can see that it's activating and
it might actually even be running.
Yeah, see, now we're actually running.
Now it's waiting to.
Waiting for
the process to get a health check.
Hey, look at that.
Now we're online.
Awesome.
So again, we deployed it broken, but
we deployed it with everything it needed.
The developer expectation here was
just go in and update the secrets.
It's not that difficult.
And then potentially go in and
force a deployment or
wait until CI runs the next deploy,
which will then run.
Roll out the service, it'll be green.
And we're all good to go.
So, yeah, I have a running service now,
which is pretty cool.
So, out of curiosity,
I'm just gonna do this real fast.
I'm going to close this out.
I'm going to do this and
then I'm going to do HTTPs body again.
PG Relation, user doesn't work.
Okay, so we know this,
but hey, we're online.
We're just broken, right?